The Joe Rogan experience. What do you think is going to happen?
I agree with you when you said earlier that, Hey, you can't believe the polls,
right? So I don't believe the polls. I think people are tired of the,
who are exhausted from just sort of the general drama of having somebody like
Trump in the office.
So I think there's a potential for a lot of people who may like the policies
or some of the policies and prefer them to a hard left agenda or a left agenda.
I think there's a chance for them to say, I'll it. I just I'm too tired.
And I don't want that. And maybe they'll look at ed Biden and think, eh,
it's a return there. Some normalcy will there'll be debates. Yeah, yeah, yeah,
yeah, yeah. I'll bet there ends up being one.
Well, yeah, there's a debate. That's where it all falls apart.
That's where the wheels come off. Get ready,
get ready to Trump campaign manager.
We want more debates against Biden and sooner.
The first one, September 29th, maybe.
They're probably pumping Biden up with steroids and alpha brain right now.
Could you imagine a lab somewhere? They've got a VAT from on it.
It goes right to the Ivy.
I think I heard there's something like 16 states would already technically be
done. Yeah. Done by voting by September 29th.
They want to try to have some before that,
but I think they're only supposed to have three or something.
That's great. Say that one more time. 16 states could be finished and voting.
By that time. 16 states have already have voted.
Because they're doing it with a mail-in ballot. Yeah. Yeah.
This is going to be so strange. This is going to be such a contested election,
no matter what.
And I'm really worried about the chaos that could ensue after it's over.
Well, think about that. And that's, that's, uh, I mean, look,
I'm a big fan of going to the voting booth, you know, actually getting out,
driving or walking, going to pull on the lever. So I.
Have to do it outside. Yeah. Should be social justice. And obviously.
You know, weather permitting, but you know, fine. You, you know,
I think the problem is.
Look.
Until Trump talked about, you know, the, the problems with the post office, um,
and you know, uh,
mail delivery and the idea that we're going to have mail in ballots as opposed
to absentee ballots, you know, before that,
you know what nine out of 10 people, that's not statistically accurate,
but I'm sure a lot of people would have said to postal system,
they can't deliver the mail. Right. And, but now,
because Trump comes out and says, this.
Is going, oh my God, I love the postal system.
And he's trying to destroy the postal system.
And I think it's like what he did with hydroxychloroquine touches.
Right.
Look, and I've ordered hydroxychloroquine through the mail.
I, it hasn't arrived. Uh, so what am I to think?
But I touch at death. So I.
You imagine if we have an election where you do this,
and then you don't know the results for five or six or seven days,
because they're still counting balanced. Right. And that's yeah.
Can you imagine what that, that reporting is going.
To be like and all the paranoia on both the right and the left going up,
you know exactly what the whole thing is.
That's crazy. Really. These are really crazy. Oh God.
Right. Wing the really nutty conspiracy folks. How are they going to handle?
Yeah.
Well that's yeah, that's it. And you got, you got people on both sides, right?
Crazy's not limited to one part of a spectrum. So you got people on both sides.
And if you,
the beauty of the elections in the past have been by the end of the night.
You got a winner. Right. And.
Now if you don't know, and you can't tell me that, and it's not,
you know, I'm just, I'm just saying the realities are, you gotta be pragmatic.
You want to go with.
All, you know, mail ballots or whatever. Hey,
just be aware of the fact.
That you could have a lot of problems,
a lot of disqualified ballots because of a variety of reasons,
a lot of lost ballots, a lot of people. And so if,
if what you want to do is so chaos, right. And,
and descent and furthest divide, then yeah. That's a pretty good way to do it.
Or you can figure out how to get everybody to the ballots. Right.
And to the polling booths and make that happen, just do it.
Right.
And if you want to have ballot poll voting booths where people wear masks and
you know, and hazmat suits, and everything's fine. Right.
But figure out a way to get people to the voting booth because I, I,
and it's not, I don't, you know, it's, I don't think that the mail-in thing is,
is, could be wrought with fraud, like the white house, you know, like Trump is,
you know, it could be lots of fraud. I,
I think it's just pragmatic says you could have a lot of logistical
problems.
Yeah. So, well, I don't understand why they can't vote online.
Why can you bank online? But you can't vote online. How's that not?
And the thing is, if you could vote online,
if people didn't have to physically go to a place you want many more people
would vote, probably be insane because what is the number now?
Like what percentage of people now vote? Is it like 40?
Yeah. Somewhere in the 40 percentile. I barely get that up to 70. Yeah.
I bet.
Pretty high. If you could register on your phone and vote on your phone, my God,
why can't you do that?
Oh, there's uh, there are security issues related to that. And as we all know,
in terms of the hijacking of the, uh, or the security of the,
of the system that would be play.
People, click on every link, someone sends them a text message. Yeah.
Sure. Let's let's click area that, ah.
Uh, no, I, I, I agree with you in the sense that it would,
theoretically it would, it would improve the turnout for sure.
And it would certainly make life easier for a lot of people. I just don't I,
as with, and again, my issue with the mail isn't,
isn't the fraud issue so much as just the logistics of it. Right. And that,
and that, that, that delay,
and also the potential to have a lot of ballots just being disqualified or
being put in question, uh, the same thing with online voting, I'm worried.
About the chaos. I'm worried about the civil unrest. Real.
I really think that that could be the, the big one.
I think we should. You know, what if I think if Congress did,
it would do its job, they would just say, you know what?
The elections are common. They're going to be right on time.
And you're going to go to your voting polling places.
And we're going to put in place, uh, special times for elderly citizens to vote.
If they want to have a super safe environment, they can only vote like this.
Just like you do it. Costco,
Costco in our area had like seven to 9:00 AM was only for people over
60. All right, fine. If Costco.
Could do that, I'm pretty sure.
We could do that with, with voting booths, how hard would just make it happen.
But, but again, it's, it's temperature.
Checks, socially distance, everybody, everybody wears a mask, do it, right.
Give it plenty of time, set up enough booths.
And if you want to do it over a two day period, fine.
But at least you're at least you're establishing protocols that are, are, are,
are. Yeah. I dunno. How about.
I worry about the chaos.
If you're going to let people vote by mail in September,
how about let them show up at the polls that early as well.
So you really could socially distance, everybody.
You really could absolutely ensure that everybody's safe.
Yeah. Just spread it out, spread it over a designated period of time.
We have five business days.
Open scoring like a boxing match. It would be tremendous.
As you roll up on the voting booth, you got the numbers right up there.
So it's like a Jerry Lewis telethon here and fix this. Yeah.